welcome back my filthy pigeons filthy
pigeons who are so filthy they can't
even speak do this floor is creeping me
out
take a look at the floor I know they use
your camera skills look lady in marks on
it scuffed already we need some kind of
cleaning product maybe some kind of
what's that cleaning part of that
English guy with a red suspenders on is
it mr. clean using your teeth mr. clean
that's what I said oh by the way my
tooth healed up nicely look alright we
don't know what's going on either
bye thanks guys tonight terrific actress
she co-stars in the popular NBC series
The Office take a look at this know what
I was thinking might be sort of fun is
if you forgave me in front of everybody
Michael I'm not gonna do that because
you know what they say in the Bible
about forgiveness forgiveness is next to
godliness cracked my pelvis I just I
don't understand what is preventing you
from laughing this off and giving me a
big hug you're not forgiven
please welcome the lovely Cape Flattery
everybody
how come cakes know you had an Italian
as well are you from an Italian family
in Queens that's services not that Irish
although my family are Irish in many
ways well the fact that my grandmother
was born it is from Donegal no I don't
know if she stole from Donegal she's
dead no she didn't stop being Irish just
because mortality crept up on oh she's
still I have I've actually waited on you
it's not okay to say that I used to be a
waitress I used to be able to afford to
go up you were always very delightful
did I have a little bet maybe we're in a
restaurant in Beverly Hills
I called Kate mentally me I used to go
there and he always ordered I'll have a
cappuccino
okay what you always do that's the while
ago then because I don't do that anymore
no lot a lot yeah well it's you know
it's quite important that I keep that
under wraps
did you know you learn a lot about
someone when you wait on them then you
were always very congenial who was the
worst person do you don't have to tell
us who it was well you do actually I
know you can I know it's a genuine suede
on Bono and the edge together at that
restaurant in the middle of the day
do i behind them on a plane once i was
trying to be so cool when i met them
because i i was such a huge fan i end up
getting a headache because i was like
freaked out and it just wasn't really
appropriate rights no you can't do that
because they won't order any more food
from you they'll be like oh thanks very
much but you know i've said behind them
on a plane once and i could i was trying
to hear what they were talking about
like if they would talk like normal
people
you know edge we've got to do something
about this third-world condition oh
that's a terrible situation they're in
africa yeah you're right they're born
away all the way do you have any special
plans for patties day do you
i which i can't jump on a plane because
i'm working on the office but my family
owns a bar and philadelphia do a bit
it's crazy they have this thing called
the aaron express that they do a couple
a couple of weekends ahead of time just
to warm up for today and my brother like
my dad used to run the bar now my
brother owns a bar and he literally has
to get a u-haul and take every thing
that could be thrown and put it into the
you all every chair every table
everything gets locked up
good I guess that it doesn't so much
anymore you know my dad he ran the bar
for years it was my grandfather's barber
first my dad's and you know it and now
my brother's the next and then his son
is taking alright it's just you know
it's just it never stops it's not lovely
it's the gift that keeps on giving some
the generation to generation my dad was
always more of a social worker than a
businessman so he had the apartments
above the bar and some of the guys that
lived up there were a little down on
their luck from time to time so we
always had a lot of alcohol or Tanner
and I was like doing yard work and
putting up a shelf and painting and this
not really the guys you want to do that
next thing you get yourself some
contractors in there